Welcome to Walls.io
subtitles
The world of social media is all
about sharing amazing content
subtitles
with your friends and communities.
But it’s easy to get overwhelmed
subtitles
by the large amount of content
being posted on a variety of networks.
subtitles
Walls.io helps you collect content
relevant to your brand
subtitles
from more than 15 platforms.
We collect posts, photos and videos on a social wall,
subtitles
either by hashtag or from profiles you have picked.
And this is just the start!
subtitles
Walls.io displays social content,
wherever you need it:
subtitles
On large displays that boost social interaction
at your event, conference or tradeshow!
subtitles
On campaign websites —
making hashtag-based marketing a breeze!
subtitles
On company websites,
creating a dynamic social brand hub!
subtitles
Or through our API,
saving time and money for developers
subtitles
of mobile apps or websites!
Customise the appearance of your social wall
subtitles
with our style editor or custom CSS –
go 100% white label by uploading
subtitles
your logo and picking your colour scheme!
Stay in charge! With our powerful
subtitles
moderation tools you have full control
over which posts are displayed on your wall,
subtitles
and which should stay hidden.
What are you waiting for?
subtitles
Start your free trial today!